 Let me pull up my thing.
 Mom, I'm glad you guys met.
 That's good.
 Taylor, if you're there, right?
 Yes, we're both here.
 This was a terrible example of being the boss.
 I'm not going to lie to you.
 I was sitting there, working on the website and fell asleep.
 Don't worry.
 You've got to catch the rest when you can.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Wait.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 Let's see it on the new tab.
 So for our health cell program, everything's
 done through Google Forms, you can see my screen, right?
 Yeah.
 Everything's kind of done through a Google Forms.
 So they had three different Google Forms
 that ordered through for Chinese, Japanese, and Korean.
 I mean, this initially built up because we
 had three different suppliers that
 were kind of writing this for themselves.
 And we wanted to keep it separate so
 that the suppliers didn't get confused on what orders
 were being placed to which supplier.
 And it's very simple and basic.
 They'll just enter information that we need.
 They didn't get ingested into an Excel sheet.
 This is your current setup, right?
 Not how you want it to be, OK?
 Yeah.
 This current setup, there's the back end of it.
 All the information gets ingested from Google Forms
 into the back end.
 There's an invoice generator, too, for Taylor to use.
 And then there's a front side.
 Then there's a public server.
 What are those invoices for?
 It's for the orders.
 A seller or to your supplier.
 So Japanese and Korean--
 I'm sorry, Chinese and Korean.
 We used to have them go directly to our supplier,
 and our supplier would just go up and back in the Excel sheet.
 But now, Taylor, those relationships,
 they didn't like how it was being done.
 They wanted to have us pay instead of the members
 in the wholesale program pay them directly.
 Because it kind of streamlined everything for them.
 They didn't have to worry about all the different payment
 options coming to them from different people.
 OK.
 So we ended up moving it back to the members paying
 chroma for Chinese and Korean.
 For Japanese, they still pay our Japanese supplier directly.
 And she's very plugged in with the process.
 She knows how to send them the invoice and everything.
 So that's great.
 So essentially, what they would do--
 let's say someone placed an order to come to the Excel sheet.
 Our Japanese supplier would quote,
 let's use the Japanese order form, actually.
 Sorry, it's like three different forms.
 So this is our Japanese supplier.
 And we kind of need this to mirror
 how she's using it now, because it will be--
 how do I describe it?
 Since she's so familiar with the process,
 so we can get this into an app instead of just Excel sheet.
 Yeah.
 Essentially, she'll come in.
 She'll see the order come in.
 She'll put her quote here.
 Let's fix it if I do it here.
 Oh no, this is her master form, OK?
 Is this shared like she owns this?
 We own the--
 So she has added access or something?
 She logs into an email that we gave her.
 Because we wanted to make sure we can moderate what
 she was sending and receiving, right?
 So that people don't backdoor our supplier.
 She'll fill it out.
 She'll create the invoice and she'll send it and everything's--
 I can give you the Excel sheet to see how that's set up.
 But essentially, when she sends it,
 the invoice is just from email from here.
 There's a template that's built.
 And then when she's done, she'll just
 talk to a different stat.
 This automatically switches to set.
 And then she has different statuses, OK?
 She can put it.
 And then she can put tracking ID.
 Sorry, I'm like airheaded right now.
 So I need a front end.
 High level, I need a front end kind of like an order
 form for them to fill.
 But rather than them putting in the products themselves,
 they have a dropdown list of products
 that they can select from, or in the quantity.
 And they just keep doing the dropdowns as they go.
 Where would those available products come from?
 They are being pulled from--
 so they have a pricing--
 so this is the public-facing one, which one?
 So this is the public-facing sheet.
 It just has the different order status sheets
 that the members can look at, and then different pricing
 sheets for each of the products too.
 If you can--
 I mean, if I can have it pulled from Excel,
 because all the suppliers always do us to the data in Excel,
 if I can try and get a dropdown--
 Is it a pretty consistent format?
 Japanese, Korean are.
 We can-- I mean, AI is pretty good for reading Excel
 and fitting into it.
 So if we have a specific format that we can set up
 and include all of the stuff that we want to go into,
 we can ingest pretty much whatever Excel.
 And then I can just set up a feedback to message
 just their issues.
 Give me a second.
 Everybody's calling me.
 OK.
 OK.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 Do you guys coordinate all this through Discord, too?
 [INAUDIBLE]
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'm actually in Oklahoma, so I'm completely remote.
 Oh, OK.
 Yeah.
 Got it.
 This is fun for me, but yeah, so we
 read everything over Discord.
 Even when I meet with members, I do it over Discord.
 And then they have access to all the forms over Discord
 as well.
 And then the suppliers, we've got you over whatnot.
 Wait, not whatnot.
 What's that?
 What's that?
 Yeah.
 So a Japanese supplier, we can--
 she'll have to have a login of herself.
 And then Taylor will handle the Chinese and Korean
 and the pricing and everything and clothes and stuff.
 So essentially, I need a front end where
 they can place their orders in three different languages.
 We can't mix the orders.
 We can't have an invoice have three different language.
 Each product-- language has to have its own orders
 for when they're placing it, right?
 OK.
 So I would imagine they would be able to select the--
 English-- sorry, Japanese Chinese or Korean.
 And then once they select that, it just goes into the product
 list, and they can select how many quantities they want,
 either whether it's a dropdown or just kind of like a product
 card, right?
 Is this product requested the only complicated thing,
 like everything else in the form, because it's copy and pasted?
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Do you want shipping validation or address
 validation there on that one, or--
 I would prefer, but--
 I mean, I can just run into these things as needed.
 Yeah.
 That would help, and I'm pretty sure it helped the members.
 Well, and also, a lot of this stuff is going to be the same.
 And so I'm thinking accounts for--
 so sorry, you can keep going.
 But at this point, we want accounts
 so that the same information is saved so they don't have
 the input, like--
 Yes.
 I want an address and stuff every single time.
 They just have to change the products requested, right?
 And so I do want the member accounts, and then out--
 so in Shopify, we've built it out
 where they had the membership to get a tag attached
 to the Shopify.
 OK.
 And so we can get--
 Do you have an easy, exported list?
 Or I'm sure Shopify has an API that I could get that list from.
 Yeah, I'm curious if you can just
 use their Shopify login as well, as long as they
 have the tag on the profile, they're
 able to log in and proceed.
 Yeah, that'd be interesting.
 I need to be back access again.
 I had to remove everyone's permissions to service bugs.
 That's totally fine.
 I assume you were happy with it, and you weren't just cutting
 me off, because--
 No, no, no.
 I just said you did was crap, so--
 No, I still need to help with the website.
 It's just a point where it's just quality of life
 and not graphic.
 Yeah.
 Totally get it.
 This will help you guys out a lot more than I'm sure the website
 stuff will--
 OK, so it counts the different roles that you've had.
 You have the wholesaler role, and those
 are the ones that would be signing in through the Shopify.
 Yeah.
 So this is the supplier role and whatever Taylor's role is.
 Supplier would be Mimi, and then you
 can just do an add-in role for Taylor, myself,
 and if we're more than more than super users,
 that can just do any of it.
 Yeah, yep.
 OK.
 So there's a segment for it.
 You can use it's-- ignore the second one.
 This is the one that it's the segment with every active
 wholesome member of the company, huh?
 Can you-- are you sharing that part or--
 Oh, whoops, I'm not.
 That's awkward.
 So under segments, it'll be the first one,
 the Chinese ones, you can ignore Chinese one.
 But this one's the one-- it literally just
 pulled all the customers from the tag for you right away.
 OK.
 So you can probably reference that tag pretty easy, right?
 Or the segment I'm assuming.
 Yeah, I could definitely reference it for--
 I don't know if their email address is attached to that.
 It should be.
 It should be.
 Yeah, I haven't done it off with Shopify before,
 but I'm sure it's doable.
 So either I will have them sign in with that email address
 and just have a magic link sign in,
 like no passwords or anything.
 Or if they can sign in with Shopify,
 that's what I'll prefer to, and then we can match it.
 But the way we'll use the email address
 is the source of truth and the primary identifier.
 Yeah.
 So I guess that's kind of the high level of what information
 do you-- it's pretty straightforward.
 Let's talk through the flow for each of the users
 to see what you need.
 So let's start with the wholesalers,
 because that's the first role.
 They would sign in with Shopify.
 They would see this--
 They would need a price.
 Yeah.
 Maybe.
 What do you want them to see when they first log in?
 Other than an option where they can see past orders and stuff,
 but I don't know if that's what you want.
 Yeah, I definitely want to account history,
 like order history as well.
 OK.
 So I'll show Kim some more prepared.
 They log in, then they have the option
 to see place in order for previous orders or account
 order history, right?
 If they do place in order, then they
 select between the three languages that are available.
 Once they do that, there will be a price sheet
 that they can reference really quickly.
 Yeah.
 Maybe--
 Can the price sheet just be the same as the dropdown
 that where they're selecting it from?
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Because they'll select the language,
 and then do all of the fields the same
 other than the products per language.
 Yeah.
 We can make it all the same, yes.
 OK.
 There's just different payment options.
 So and the payment options manually required or OK.
 So that doesn't have to be part of the app that you're
 building, but I do need a part where
 they can confirm that their payment was made.
 And you would usually just ask them for a screenshot.
 Our Japanese player demand requires a screenshot
 from Wwise, the payment app that she uses.
 And they're for promo, they can just--
 How have they been doing this?
 Let me show you.
 They just reply to email.
 You want them to be able to submit the form.
 And then after they submit the form, or like part of the form,
 they submit the screenshot, or can they be separate or what?
 So they'll go up the form, they'll place the form.
 The form goes to Taylor or our Japanese supplier, whoever,
 right?
 They build their invoice.
 The invoice gets sent to their account,
 whether it's on the app.
 If you could do it on the app, that'd be great.
 Yeah, you can do it on the app.
 They get their invoice from the app.
 I don't need a notification just to say, hey,
 you got an invoice, check it out on the app.
 Yeah, perfect.
 They get their invoice, they make their payment,
 whatever option they it is, and then
 they have an option to attach a proof of payment.
 And then at that point, it would kick back
 to Taylor and my Japanese supplier.
 Once they can confirm they've received the payment on our
 Japanese supplier, whoever brings the account, obviously,
 and then Taylor through ours, they can mark it as payment
 received, and then they need an option to put tracking in this
 and then the tracking information back out to the user.
 Great.
 And so I mean, we can kind of mirror how the status looks
 and kind of like this, for them, where it shows shipping.
 I'll clean this down a little bit and show you exactly
 what fields we need.
 Because most of the suppliers just use one shipping method
 to help and payment method and stuff like that,
 so you don't have to worry about some of these fields.
 I'll trim it all and let you know which fields
 to pull from the Excel sheet.
 And then do you want access to the Excel sheets at all?
 Yeah, I will need access to--
 even just as schema is fine.
 I don't need all of the data or like some example rows,
 because I don't want you to be sharing all of these people's
 information if that's for part.
 I don't know, I'll have access to it eventually,
 so it's probably not that big of a deal.
 How much do you care about--
 this would be a big lift, but importing past history,
 or are we just starting fresh?
 I'll start fresh.
 And then I would keep this Excel sheets live
 for a bit, and then describe it if no one cares for me.
 OK, and everything being web-based is OK.
 I would prefer--
 let's go and have on a go, just a little bit.
 Yeah, everything is fine on web-based.
 Hey.
 How do you want to communicate about this just DMs
 and Discord still, or like--
 DMs and Discord, and I'm still on what I have with Taylor.
 That way she's kept in the loop, because she'll
 be using this the most--
 Yeah, and she might be able to provide me
 with some context for questions if you can't, or--
 Yeah, if I'm unreliable.
 Or like if you're unavailable, so--
 Yeah.
 OK, I think I have enough to get started or probably
 mock-ups and stuff.
 What I'm envisioning right now is a homepage where they can
 either start an order or check the status of their previous
 orders, and just kind of messaging back and forth.
 But instead of just--
 instead of messages, each person will have an action
 where they can either submit a form, upload a picture,
 or mark the order as the status, either payment center,
 or like-- and that's going to be all of these.
 I can still probably track all of this in a spreadsheet
 if you want to use that as the database.
 But I would probably prefer to use a database that I'm--
 Yeah.
 --reformant and stuff, and then just give you
 a view that's similar to the spreadsheet in the app.
 Yeah, yeah, that'd be great.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, you could.
 Another thing, Taylor, could there also
 be comments enabled where, let's say--
 because sometimes there's the supplies
 where I was talking or something like that.
 And so Taylor needs to comment or tell--
 a lot of her communications to Discord right now.
 Yeah.
 And that's cool and all, but it gets lost.
 It could get lost in the sauce.
 And they just have-- in that order,
 they're able to leave comments and get notified
 when there's a comment for them or a response for them.
 Yeah, I mean, a comment is probably
 the easiest one to do to send text back and forth.
 The other stuff is going to be--
 anytime we have to pre-set something like status or something,
 like marking that is going to be more complicated than just--
 so we might just be able to start with it being like,
 hey, submit the form, and then everything else
 is just chats back and forth.
 Yeah, OK.
 Because that's kind of what you're asking for.
 I know you currently do it through Discord.
 How much Discord integration do you need to have?
 Or do you need any of it?
 Is it just Shopify?
 It's through Shopify, yeah.
 And then the Discord integration is through Shopify.
 We already have that built up with Shopify, so--
 right, but I'm saying, does my app--
 Oh, no.
 Does Shopify need to integrate with Discord at all?
 No, no, no.
 That'd be cool, wouldn't it, but not now?
 Yeah, I mean, it'd be cool to get people's notifications
 there instead of their email.
 But this is fine.
 OK.
 Taylor, yeah.
 Anything you want to add to, Jared, that would help you?
 I don't think so.
 No, not right now.
 OK.
 And then, Jared, as you built this out,
 there's some pricing that we do.
 In Japan, Korean and Chinese, we do an upcharge of 13%.
 OK.
 We'll be receiving the price sheet.
 Maybe we just do that manually still.
 And we just-- the source that you pull the information from
 will be what we've already edited to increase that markup.
 Is your invoice currently calculated?
 No, that's manually accessible currently, yeah,
 because do you want this act to generate the invoices for you?
 Yes.
 But for just Chinese and Koreans, the markup,
 Japanese will not be the markup.
 And the prices on the products, the pricing sheets,
 the prices on the products that they can select from Chinese
 and Korean need to be marked up as well.
 But Japanese is that.
 Or do they need to be converted also, or are they in USD?
 They need-- Japanese needs to be converted as well.
 So if you look at the--
 Yeah, see the yet-not-here.
 Yeah, Japanese prices, I do the conversion just to Google
 Finance for now, and then includes Terrace.
 This is like an estimate of what it would cost in USD per box.
 It includes the Terrace for Japanese.
 But we can leave that out.
 OK, yeah, it sounds like there's a lot of complexity
 around generating the invoices.
 Is that something you do, or does that what Taylor does?
 Taylor does the invoices.
 We don't worry about Terrace for Chinese and Korean,
 because they're kind of taxed into--
 it was the Terrace get sent to the customers for Korean,
 Chinese.
 It's baked into the shipping company's cost.
 And then Japanese are Japanese supplier adds that manually
 into her-- what's her word?
 The quote that she gives them.
 So that, you know-- sorry.
 How about you start building that in order
 when I can make left from right and explain the spirit to you?
 I will get that information all that needs to bundle to you
 on what I mean.
 OK, can I get one-- like, two more questions answered.
 One is-- so I think I have a good idea of what the wholesalers
 will do, like how they're going to log in, everything.
 What about the supplier?
 And supplier/tailer, because it seems to me,
 and maybe I'm not understanding this, right,
 is that they kind of fill the same role.
 It's like sending the invoice and marking things
 as completed and stuff.
 It's for different languages.
 Yes, so are Japanese supplier needs
 exclusive to see exclusive new in Japanese orders?
 We can toggle which orders they see?
 Yeah, for sure.
 That'd be great.
 So that way, for whatever reason, Taylor
 ends up taking over Japanese, too,
 then we just toggle her to be able to do Japanese.
 See all the orders, right, whereas are Japanese suppliers
 exclusively Japanese right now?
 Yeah, I was going to walk down the Japanese one
 to just Japanese, but Taylor and you and me
 can see, like, everything.
 Yeah, perfect.
 And then, obviously, the user can see every order that's,
 like, Japanese, Chinese, or Korean,
 but just for their user.
 Yeah, for their user base, yeah.
 OK, yeah, it's going to--
 I don't have an estimate currently.
 I mean, it's a lot that I'll have to get into,
 but I can make a plan.
 And what are you thinking, as far as size,
 and how much you want to spend on and stuff,
 just so I can tell you if that's feasible?
 1,000 would be a starting range.
 I think that's a fairly large number
 that we're willing to invest into this,
 because we want to look very professional and sleek.
 Yeah.
 I know how-- how was that?
 Your previous work from you was around $4,500, right?
 But there--
 Yeah, yeah, it was.
 So I think 1,000 would be safe and comfortable for us
 to say that's a good price range for us to aim for and how
 many hours we'd hope you'd be sinking into it.
 Yeah.
 That's 10, 20, 13 hours about, right?
 Yeah, and are we OK to do that all cash since I'm kind of
 backed up?
 I haven't made it back up.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely fine.
 Instead of in-store credit.
 Yeah, yeah, we need a little bit to do.
 100% cash for this, yeah.
 OK, great.
 Yeah, I'll get a plan set out.
 And that'll help me with that estimate in mind.
 I'll make sure it fits within those hours.
 And then I'll say stretch goals, OK, if you want to add another
 hour or two, or we can cut it out, I'll try to scope it so
 that you can choose how much you want it done, because other
 stuff like Discord integrations and really complex
 notifications and stuff.
 And maybe it turns out that the Shopify login is just going
 to be more work than it's worth, and so we can just have
 people sign in with email.
 I'll figure that out, and get you over a design spec and let you
 know.
 Cool, yeah.
 Can you shoot me your email again to the--
 yeah.
 Jared, as a Gmail, was it?
 I've got a few, but yeah, I'll just put it in the chat.
 OK, Taylor, any requests from Jared?
 I don't think so.
 I think everything that you talked about sounds really
 great and really thorough.
 Wow, really?
 Because I feel like I'm a spaz right now.
 I mean, you said a lot of words, and I think you covered it.
 OK.
 I mean, I use the sheet, and it sounds better.
 OK, oh, yeah.
 No payment integration, right?
 Just clear.
 No, yeah, we don't need way about payment integration.
 That becomes a nightmare.
 The only thing is just uploading the screenshots and stuff.
 Yeah.
 Oh, do you want to just preserve all the data?
 Like, we're not no 30-day retention policy or anything.
 You just want all of the records stored always.
 Let's do it for everybody or--
 Yeah, let's do it for--
 can we do it 90 days and then download a backup
 for every 90 days?
 Yeah, that's great.
 Yeah, let's do that.
 And that way we can refer to it if needed.
 And we'll start there, because I don't
 want a database that fills up too.
 Well, I guess it's not too much.
 I mean, yeah, no, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I mean, we can run.
 It's just in terms of what you want
 to see in this view when you're looking at it.
 It's just the last 30 days or 90 days or something.
 So yeah, let's keep all the data.
 And then we can just show the last 30, last--
 We'll build filters into it.
 Thank you.
 There you go.
 OK.
 Sounds good.
 All right, Jared.
 It's cool, each and all, every time.
 Thanks for understanding, guys.
 Yep.
 Get some more rest.
 Cool.
 Bye, guys.
 See you.
 Bye.
